_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

#  About Me

I am currently pursuing a Ph.D. in the College of Computer Science and Technology at Jilin University (09/2023–present), supervised by Professor [Pingping Liu (刘萍萍)](http://ccst.jlu.edu.cn/info/1367/20528.htm). Previously, I obtained my M.S. degree from Tiangong University (09/2018–03/2021) under Professor [Yuelong Li (李月龙)](https://ai.tiangong.edu.cn/2024/0515/c5230a94772/page.htm) and served as an Algorithm Engineer at Uniview Technologies. (04/2021–06/2023).  
 
My primary research focuses on **Low-Level Vision**, particularly **Low-Light Image Enhancement (LLIE)** (essential for robustness in real-world vision systems). I also actively investigate related areas including **Other Image Enhancement Tasks**, **Domain Generalization**, **Contrastive Learning**, and **Metric Learning**.  
 
For collaborations or inquiries, please feel free to contact me via email.


#  News
- *11/2025*: &nbsp; Two paper about LLIE (Frequency Fusion, Frequency & Mamba) accepted to AAAI 2026.
- *09/2025*: &nbsp; Two paper about LLIE (Fourier & MoE, Unsupervised Retinex-based) accepted to ESWA.
- *07/2025*: &nbsp; One paper about LLIE (Causal Wavelet) accepted to ICCV 2025.
- *06/2025*: &nbsp; One paper about LLIE (Multi-modal Fusion) accepted to ESWA.
- *05/2025*: &nbsp; One paper about LLIE (Retinex) accepted to INFFUS.
- *03/2025*: &nbsp; One paper about LLIE (Fourier & Reinforcement Learning) accepted to ICME 2025 (Oral).
- *07/2024*: &nbsp; One paper about LLIE (Fourier) accepted to ACM MM 2024 (Oral). 

#  Selected Publications <!-- {#publications} -->

\* and † denote a corresponding author and an equal-contribution author, respectively.
  
<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">Arxiv 2025</div><img src='images/SPJFNet.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

*SPJFNet: Self-Mining Prior-Guided Joint Frequency Enhancement for Ultra-Efficient Dark Image Restoration* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.04041) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/SPJFNet)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Zijian Zhang, Qiuzhan Zhou

</div>
</div>

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">Arxiv 2025</div><img src='images/CIVQLLIE.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

*CIVQLLIE: Causal Intervention with Vector Quantization for Low-Light Image Enhancement* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.03338) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/CIVQLLIE)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Zhe Zhang, Qiuzhan Zhou

</div>
</div>

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">Arxiv 2025</div><img src='images/PatchSS2D.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

*Beyond Illumination: Fine-Grained Detail Preservation in Extreme Dark Image Restoration* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.03336) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/RFGM)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Zixuan Zhong, Zijian Zhang, Qiuzhan Zhou

</div>
</div>

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">Arxiv 2025</div><img src='images/BSMamba.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

*BSMamba: Brightness and Semantic Modeling for Long-Range Interaction in Low-Light Image Enhancement* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.18346) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/BSMamba)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Mengen Cai, Zijian Zhang, Yubing Lu, Qiuzhan Zhou

</div>
</div>

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">ICCV 2025</div><img src='images/CWNet.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

*CWNet: Causal Wavelet Network for Low-Light Image Enhancement* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2507.10689) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/CWNet-Causal-Wavelet-Network)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Yubing Lu, Mengen Cai, Zijian Zhang, Zhe Zhang, Qiuzhan Zhou

</div>
</div>

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">ACM MM 2024</div><img src='images/DMFourLLIE.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

*DMFourLLIE: Dual-Stage and Multi-Branch Fourier Network for Low-Light Image Enhancement* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.00683) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/DMFourLLIE)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Ming Zhao, Haotian Lv

</div>
</div>

*Cross-modal guided and refinement-enhanced Retinex network for robust low-light image enhancement (INFFUS IF=18.6), 2025* [[PDF]](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1566253525004531) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/CMRetinexNet)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Mengen Cai, Xiaoyi Wang, Qiuzhan Zhou

---

*APMoE-Net: Fourier Amplitude-Phase Joint Enhancement and MoE Compensation for Low-Light lmage Enhancement (ESWA IF=8.5), 2025*

Mengen Cai, **Tongshun Zhang †**, Pingping Liu*, Qiuzhan Zhou

---

*Differentiable histogram-guided unsupervised Retinex enhancement for paired low-light images (ESWA IF=8.5), 2025* [[Code]](https://github.com/yoonyin/DHURE-main)

Liyuan Yin, Pingping Liu*, **Tongshun Zhang**, Hongwei Zhao, Qiuzhan Zhou

---


*WEC-DG: Multi-Exposure Wavelet Correction Method Guided by Degradation Description (Arxiv), 2025* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2508.09565)

Ming Zhao, Pingping Liu*, **Tongshun Zhang**, Zhe Zhang

---

*ReF-LLE: Personalized Low-Light Enhancement via Reference-Guided Deep Reinforcement Learning (ICME Oral), 2025* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.22216)

Ming Zhao, Pingping Liu*, **Tongshun Zhang**, Zhe Zhang

---

*Multi-modal fusion guided retinex-based low-light image enhancement (ESWA IF=8.5), 2025* [[PDF]](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0957417425022729)

Pingping Liu*, Xiaoyi Wang, **Tongshun Zhang**, Liyuan Yin

---

*Adaptive illumination and noise-free detail recovery via visual decomposition for low-light image enhancement (CVIU IF=4.8), 2025* 

Pingping Liu*, Tianqi Li, Qiuzhan Zhou, **Tongshun Zhang**


#  Reviewer
- AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)
- ACM International Conference on Multimedia (ACM MM)
- IEEE Transactions on Multimedia (TMM)
- IEEE Transactions on Image Processing (TIP)

#  Patents
- 无监督曝光矫正的曝光偏差增强网络模型构建方法、系统 （CN120318103B）2025 刘萍萍;尹莉媛;**张同顺**;王晓艺;周求湛
- 一种低光图像增强方法、系统、设备以及存储介质 （CN119090751B）2025 刘萍萍;李天奇;周求湛;**张同顺**;卢禹冰
- 一种低光图像增强方法及系统 （CN119379551B）2025 刘萍萍;**张同顺**;蔡蒙恩;张哲;王晓艺;周求湛
- 一种低光图像增强方法、系统、设备以及存储介质 (CN120374475A) 2025 刘萍萍; 王晓艺; **张同顺**; 尹莉媛; 周求湛; 侯建华
- 基于Retinex约束下的生成式结构低照度图像增强方法 (CN120495108A) 2025 	周求湛;杨迪;武慧南;**张同顺**;王聪;刘萍萍

#  Awards & Achievements
- [10/2025] National Scholarship (国家奖学金)
- [09/2025] I was invited to give a lecture at Xiangnan University, focusing on lightweight reconstruction for low-light enhancement.
- [09/2025] 2024-2025 Graduate Outstanding Scholarship (研究生优秀奖学金)
- [09/2025] 2024-2025 Outstanding Graduate Students (优秀研究生)
- [09/2025] China FAW Group Scholarship (中国一汽奖学金)
- [04/2025] DMFourLLIE was selected for poster presentation at Valse 2025. [Link](https://valser.org/2025/#/poster)
- [11/2024] DMFourLLIE was selected for the "Academic Research and Discussion (研学论道)" report at Jilin University.
- [10/2024] 2023-2024 Graduate Outstanding Scholarship (研究生优秀奖学金)
- [10/2024] 2023-2024 Outstanding Graduate Students (优秀研究生)

Commit message:

Add IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

#  About Me

I am currently pursuing a Ph.D. in the College of Computer Science and Technology at Jilin University (09/2023–present), supervised by Professor [Pingping Liu (刘萍萍)](http://ccst.jlu.edu.cn/info/1367/20528.htm). Previously, I obtained my M.S. degree from Tiangong University (09/2018–03/2021) under Professor [Yuelong Li (李月龙)](https://ai.tiangong.edu.cn/2024/0515/c5230a94772/page.htm) and served as an Algorithm Engineer at Uniview Technologies. (04/2021–06/2023).  
 
My primary research focuses on **Low-Level Vision**, particularly **Low-Light Image Enhancement (LLIE)** (essential for robustness in real-world vision systems). I also actively investigate related areas including **Other Image Enhancement Tasks**, **Domain Generalization**, **Contrastive Learning**, and **Metric Learning**.  
 
For collaborations or inquiries, please feel free to contact me via email.


#  News
- *11/2025*: &nbsp; Two paper about LLIE (Frequency Fusion, Frequency & Mamba) accepted to AAAI 2026.
- *09/2025*: &nbsp; Two paper about LLIE (Fourier & MoE, Unsupervised Retinex-based) accepted to ESWA.
- *07/2025*: &nbsp; One paper about LLIE (Causal Wavelet) accepted to ICCV 2025.
- *06/2025*: &nbsp; One paper about LLIE (Multi-modal Fusion) accepted to ESWA.
- *05/2025*: &nbsp; One paper about LLIE (Retinex) accepted to INFFUS.
- *03/2025*: &nbsp; One paper about LLIE (Fourier & Reinforcement Learning) accepted to ICME 2025 (Oral).
- *07/2024*: &nbsp; One paper about LLIE (Fourier) accepted to ACM MM 2024 (Oral). 

#  Selected Publications <!-- {#publications} -->

\* and † denote a corresponding author and an equal-contribution author, respectively.
  
<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">Arxiv 2025</div><img src='images/SPJFNet.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

*SPJFNet: Self-Mining Prior-Guided Joint Frequency Enhancement for Ultra-Efficient Dark Image Restoration* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.04041) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/SPJFNet)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Zijian Zhang, Qiuzhan Zhou

</div>
</div>

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">Arxiv 2025</div><img src='images/CIVQLLIE.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

*CIVQLLIE: Causal Intervention with Vector Quantization for Low-Light Image Enhancement* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.03338) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/CIVQLLIE)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Zhe Zhang, Qiuzhan Zhou

</div>
</div>

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">Arxiv 2025</div><img src='images/PatchSS2D.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

*Beyond Illumination: Fine-Grained Detail Preservation in Extreme Dark Image Restoration* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.03336) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/RFGM)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Zixuan Zhong, Zijian Zhang, Qiuzhan Zhou

</div>
</div>

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">Arxiv 2025</div><img src='images/BSMamba.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

*BSMamba: Brightness and Semantic Modeling for Long-Range Interaction in Low-Light Image Enhancement* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.18346) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/BSMamba)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Mengen Cai, Zijian Zhang, Yubing Lu, Qiuzhan Zhou

</div>
</div>

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">ICCV 2025</div><img src='images/CWNet.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

*CWNet: Causal Wavelet Network for Low-Light Image Enhancement* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2507.10689) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/CWNet-Causal-Wavelet-Network)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Yubing Lu, Mengen Cai, Zijian Zhang, Zhe Zhang, Qiuzhan Zhou

</div>
</div>

<div class='paper-box'><div class='paper-box-image'><div><div class="badge">ACM MM 2024</div><img src='images/DMFourLLIE.png' alt="sym" width="100%"></div></div>
<div class='paper-box-text' markdown="1">

*DMFourLLIE: Dual-Stage and Multi-Branch Fourier Network for Low-Light Image Enhancement* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.00683) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/DMFourLLIE)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Ming Zhao, Haotian Lv

</div>
</div>

*Cross-modal guided and refinement-enhanced Retinex network for robust low-light image enhancement (INFFUS IF=18.6), 2025* [[PDF]](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1566253525004531) [[Code]](https://github.com/bywlzts/CMRetinexNet)

**Tongshun Zhang**, Pingping Liu*, Mengen Cai, Xiaoyi Wang, Qiuzhan Zhou

---

*APMoE-Net: Fourier Amplitude-Phase Joint Enhancement and MoE Compensation for Low-Light lmage Enhancement (ESWA IF=8.5), 2025*

Mengen Cai, **Tongshun Zhang †**, Pingping Liu*, Qiuzhan Zhou

---

*Differentiable histogram-guided unsupervised Retinex enhancement for paired low-light images (ESWA IF=8.5), 2025* [[Code]](https://github.com/yoonyin/DHURE-main)

Liyuan Yin, Pingping Liu*, **Tongshun Zhang**, Hongwei Zhao, Qiuzhan Zhou

---


*WEC-DG: Multi-Exposure Wavelet Correction Method Guided by Degradation Description (Arxiv), 2025* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2508.09565)

Ming Zhao, Pingping Liu*, **Tongshun Zhang**, Zhe Zhang

---

*ReF-LLE: Personalized Low-Light Enhancement via Reference-Guided Deep Reinforcement Learning (ICME Oral), 2025* [[PDF]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.22216)

Ming Zhao, Pingping Liu*, **Tongshun Zhang**, Zhe Zhang

---

*Multi-modal fusion guided retinex-based low-light image enhancement (ESWA IF=8.5), 2025* [[PDF]](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0957417425022729)

Pingping Liu*, Xiaoyi Wang, **Tongshun Zhang**, Liyuan Yin

---

*Adaptive illumination and noise-free detail recovery via visual decomposition for low-light image enhancement (CVIU IF=4.8), 2025* 

Pingping Liu*, Tianqi Li, Qiuzhan Zhou, **Tongshun Zhang**


#  Reviewer
- AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)
- ACM International Conference on Multimedia (ACM MM)
- IEEE Transactions on Multimedia (TMM)
- IEEE Transactions on Image Processing (TIP)
- IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology (TCSVT)

#  Patents
- 无监督曝光矫正的曝光偏差增强网络模型构建方法、系统 （CN120318103B）2025 刘萍萍;尹莉媛;**张同顺**;王晓艺;周求湛
- 一种低光图像增强方法、系统、设备以及存储介质 （CN119090751B）2025 刘萍萍;李天奇;周求湛;**张同顺**;卢禹冰
- 一种低光图像增强方法及系统 （CN119379551B）2025 刘萍萍;**张同顺**;蔡蒙恩;张哲;王晓艺;周求湛
- 一种低光图像增强方法、系统、设备以及存储介质 (CN120374475A) 2025 刘萍萍; 王晓艺; **张同顺**; 尹莉媛; 周求湛; 侯建华
- 基于Retinex约束下的生成式结构低照度图像增强方法 (CN120495108A) 2025 	周求湛;杨迪;武慧南;**张同顺**;王聪;刘萍萍

#  Awards & Achievements
- [10/2025] National Scholarship (国家奖学金)
- [09/2025] I was invited to give a lecture at Xiangnan University, focusing on lightweight reconstruction for low-light enhancement.
- [09/2025] 2024-2025 Graduate Outstanding Scholarship (研究生优秀奖学金)
- [09/2025] 2024-2025 Outstanding Graduate Students (优秀研究生)
- [09/2025] China FAW Group Scholarship (中国一汽奖学金)
- [04/2025] DMFourLLIE was selected for poster presentation at Valse 2025. [Link](https://valser.org/2025/#/poster)
- [11/2024] DMFourLLIE was selected for the "Academic Research and Discussion (研学论道)" report at Jilin University.
- [10/2024] 2023-2024 Graduate Outstanding Scholarship (研究生优秀奖学金)
- [10/2024] 2023-2024 Outstanding Graduate Students (优秀研究生)
